The comments I received from my presentation helped me reflect on the things that I did well and what things I could improve on. Different comments on the feedback reflected different topics that the audience picked up on. I had talked in my presentation about the different aspects of what android is. A lot of people picked up on what amazing things android is doing for people around the world and some of them picked up on what the amazing apps android is building with google. I  felt that the minimum characters set for the comments section were fine for most of the presentations, but there were a couple of them which did not require that many characters for the comment.  

I would definitely prepare my slides differently in the future. I got a few comments about how I was reading off the slides and I realize that might have been a little boring considering the text was already up there on the slides for my audience to see. In my next presentation, I will make notes of the things I have to say and just put pictures on the slides. I feel this way I can grab more attention from my audience. I had used a few short videos in my presentation to really make the point come across. I got a lot of comments from my audience saying they really liked that, but a few saying less usage of videos would have been better. I figured it would be better for the audience would be more attentive to a video rather than me trying to explain. I thought it would also make sure I didn't miss any points. however, I received a few comments about people preferring to hear the points more than watching the videos. I will keep in my mind to keep a balance between both for my next presentation. 

I also got a couple of comments about how I started off with talking about Android but then veered off to certain Android apps. Those apps are actually made by Android in collaboration with Google. I was trying to use them as examples of how Android is trying to change the world and not just as examples of what Android apps are. I will definitely organize my presentation by making it clear what point I am trying to make what examples I will be using to make them. I did my presentation at the end of the semester, so I did have enough time to prepare. I do realize that I should have spent more time organizing my content properly and creating a nicer flow. 

I chose the topic because I am so passionate about Android as I have only used Android phones ever since my first phone, and have so much respect for what Android does. This is why I chose this topic for my presentation. I am not really sure I will end up becoming an Android developer, but I know for sure that I will always be an Android user. I am definitely more into the designing of a product and managing products. I might design Android apps though. 

In my opinion, the open-ended feedback did differ between the lower quantitative scores and higher scores. There were a couple of lower scores, with feedbacks that made no sense at all. The comments felt as if they paid no attention to the presentation and just picked up a couple of buzzwords that I used. There were a couple of higher scores whose comments also did not make sense, a few comments just said that everything was great with no opinion at all about the content of the presentation and I also found one with asterisks to fill out the spaces. 